Hangman Game
This is a simple Hangman game implemented in Python using the Turtle graphics library. The game allows players to guess letters in order to reveal a hidden word. If the player guesses incorrectly, a part of the hangman figure is drawn. The objective is to guess the word before the hangman is complete.

Requirements
Python 3.x
Turtle graphics library
Colorama library
Installation
Clone the repository or download the Python script.
Install the required libraries by running the following command:
pip install turtle colorama
Usage
To start the game, run the following command in your terminal or command prompt:
python hangman.py
{or simply run on visual studio code}
Once the game starts, you will see a menu with options:

Play (P): Starts the hangman game.
Instructions (I): Displays the game instructions.
Exit (E): Exits the game.
Game Rules
The hangman selects a random word from the word list.
The hangman figure is displayed on the screen.
The player enters one letter at a time to guess the word.
If the letter is in the word, it is revealed in the correct position(s).
If the letter is not in the word, a part of the hangman figure is drawn.
The player has a limited number of incorrect guesses before the hangman is complete.
The game continues until the word is guessed correctly or the hangman is complete.
After the game ends, the player can choose to play again or exit the game.
Customization
Word List: You can modify the word_list variable to include your own list of words. The game will randomly select a word from this list.
Hangman Parts: The hangman figure is drawn using six parts: head, body, left arm, right arm, left leg, and right leg. You can modify the parts list to change the order or add/remove parts as needed.
Colors: The colors used for drawing the hangman figure can be customized by modifying the colors list.
Graphics: The hangman figure is drawn using Turtle graphics. You can modify the drawing functions (draw_head, draw_body, etc.) to customize the appearance of the hangman figure.
Credits
This Hangman game was developed by Awais Naeem. It utilizes the Turtle graphics library for drawing and the Colorama library for color output.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use, modify, and distribute the code for personal or educational purposes.
